gh-135001: Explicitly specify the encoding parameter value of `calendar.HTMLCalendar` as 'utf-8' (#135002)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-01-19-45-55.gh-issue-135001.KsBXSl.rst

The default *encoding* parameter value in

> :meth:`calendar.HTMLCalendar.formatyearpage` is now utf-8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default *encoding* for :meth:`calendar.HTMLCalendar.formatyearpage` is now ``'utf-8'``.
```
